Header Navigation

Logo: Giselle

Links:

Documentation

Resources

Pricing

Actions:

Login

Sign up (Button)

Hero Section

Headline: Giselle is all you need

Sub-headline: Meet the new way to communicate LLM and integrate our work, life.

Buttons:

Get started

Get a demo

Feature Navigation Bar

Design (Icon)

Test (Icon)

Integrate (Icon)


(Inner Frame Header)

Logo: Giselle

(Inner Frame Main Content)

Workflow No-code UI

Powering Experiences Section

Title: Powering experiences

Subtitle: from next-gen startups to enterprises

Logos: Vercel, _zapier, CURSOR, X, perplexity, Laravel, Cerebras, scale, IBM, replit, Fidelity, codeium, glean, algolia

Button: Our customers

Built for Modern Teams Section

Title: Built for modern teams

Subtitle: Crafted with customizability and collaboration in mind. Designed to impress.

Feature Card 1: Beautiful out of the box (with abstract UI visual)

Feature Card 2: Built for collaboration (with abstract collaboration visual: Add new file, Publish, user icons)

Feature Card 3: Designed for conversion (with abstract analytics visual: + 95% views)

Documentation that Converts Users Section

Title: Documentation that converts users

Subtitle: A platform you can trust to delight your target audience.

Left Feature List:

Elegant & versatile

Minimal by design

Highly customizable

(Right Demo Area)

Header: Search bar (Q Search or ask... [ЖК]), Feedback button, Get started button, Settings icon

Title: The Prism Guide to Building Incredible Apps

Text: Welcome to Prism Docs, a comprehensive and ever-expanding resource filled with articles and videos to help you master Prism.

Button: Go to Quickstart >

Card 1: Example Apps - Get inspired by the creativity and ingenuity of our community, and see how Prism can help you transform your ideas.

Card 2: Expert Marketplace - Collaborate with the best in the industry and watch your vision come to life with the power of Prism and Expert Marketplace.

Section Title: Essentials

Subtitle: Our essential building blocks provide you with the tools you need to create powerful, interactive, and user-friendly apps with ease.

Item 1 (Icon + Text): Data sources - Connect to spreadsheets, databases & more.

Item 2 (Icon + Text): Accounts - Manage user authentication & authorization.

Item 3 (Icon + Text): Components - Use pre-built UI & logic for interactive apps.

User Engagement Features Section

Column 1: Help users find answers fast

Subtitle: Everything is optimized for user discovery and engagement.

(Search Demo)

Input: Q How do I get started? | ESC

AI Suggestion: Can you tell me about how to get started? Use our AI to find answers to your questions >

Result 1: Quickstart > Getting Started - Start building modern documentation in under five minutes

Result 2: Development - Start building your content locally

Result 3: Chat Widget > Getting Started - Integrate Chat functionality directly into your product

Column 2: Understand your audience

Subtitle: Optimize based on which pages or search terms are popular.

(Analytics Demo)

Legend: ./docs (224), ./components (121), ./libs (32), ./others (44)

Chart: Bar chart showing views over time (Jul 1 - Jul 15)

Web Editor Section

Title: Web Editor

(Background Image: Stylized landscape with clouds and aurora)

Built for Collaboration Section

Title: Built for collaboration

Subtitle: Empower your team with workflows that meet you where you are, whether you prefer git sync or a WYSIWYG experience.

Feature List:

Codebase-syncing

Real-time collaboration

Preview deployments

(Code Editor Demo)

Filename: Configurations.mdx

Code Snippet: (YAML frontmatter and Markdown showing title, description, icon, GitHub heading, and integration text)

Additional Features Grid

API Playground: Test and explore APIs directly in your docs

Visitor authentication: Secure your docs with customizable access controls

User feedback: Keep docs and code in perfect harmony

Fully customizable: Tailor your docs with custom components and JS + CSS

Elevate Content Section

Title: Elevate content with intelligent features

Subtitle: Create documentation that is smarter, more accessible, and continuously improving.

Feature List:

Edit suggestions: AI analyzes your docs and suggests enhancements for clarity and completeness

Automatic translations: Expand global reach with one-click multi-language support

Writing assistance: Craft clearer, more engaging documentation with real-time suggestions

Integrations: Connect your favorite tools and workflows to streamline documentation

Case Studies Section

Title: How we help next-gen companies succeed

Buttons: Explore case studies, Wall of love

Case Study Previews (Titles):

How Captions scaled global support by putting documentation first

Up-leveling Turso's developer experience with Mintlify

How Anthropic provides a better developer experience with Mintlify

Navigation: Left Arrow, Right Arrow

Final Call-to-Action Section

Title: The documentation you want, available today

Buttons:

Get started

Get a demo

Footer

Logo: Mintify

Column: Documentation

Getting Started

Components

API playground

Pricing

Column: Resources

Customers

Enterprise

Request Preview

Integrations

Guides

Templates

Column: Company

Careers

Blog

Security

Feedback

Column: Legal

Privacy Policy

Terms of Service

Responsible Disclosure
